robotx_vision/README.md, before:

INSTALL OPENCV
--------------
```bash
cd
sudo apt-get install v4l2ucp v4l-utils libv4l-dev
git clone https://github.com/opencv/opencv
cd opencv
git checkout 2.4
mkdir release
cd release
sudo cmake -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RELEASE -D CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr/local ..
sudo make
sudo make install
```

COMMANDS
--------

### Camshift ###
#### launch gazebo camera and camshift ####
```bash
# launch gazebo with test 1
roslaunch robotx_gazebo robotx_test.launch
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift.launch namespace:=/bow_stereo/left input_rgb_image:=image_raw
# track left camera on red
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift.launch namespace:=/bow_stereo/right input_rgb_image:=image_raw
# track right camera on green
```
#### launch gazebo camera and camshift with auto color detection ####
```bash
# launch gazebo with test 1
roslaunch robotx_gazebo robotx_test.launch
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift_color.launch namespace:=/bow_stereo/left input_rgb_image:=image_raw color_under_detect:=red
# track left camera on red
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift_color.launch namespace:=/bow_stereo/right input_rgb_image:=image_raw color_under_detect:=green
# track right camera on green
```

#### logitech camera and camshift ####
```bash
# launch webcam
roslaunch robotx_vision usb_cam.launch
# do rectification
ROS_NAMESPACE=/camera/rgb rosrun image_proc image_proc
# launch camshift
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift.launch namespace:=/camera/rgb input_rgb_image:=image_rect_color
# or 
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift_color.launch namespace:=/camera/rgb input_rgb_image:=image_rect_color color_under_detect:=red
```

### feature matching ###
must first install opencv 2.4.13.1 from source (github),
follow opencv website for more info

OBJECT DETECTION
--------
object detected will be publish as a custom message type (msg/object_detection.msg)
### naming convetion of custom message ###
```bash
[frame_id]  camera, using convetional naming
[type]      object's type: marker, totem, obstacle, triangle, circle, cruciform
[color]     object's color: red, green, blue, black, white
[angle_t]   top angle of detected object on image
[angle_b]   bottom angle of detected object on image
[angle_l]   left angle of detected object on image
[angle_r]   right angle of detected object on image
```
### launch object detection node ###
paramater need to be adjusted depends on the subscribed camera's topic
```bash
catkin_make
roslaunch robotx_vision object_detector.launch
```

Commit message:

modified:   robotx_vision/CMakeLists.txt 	modified:   robotx_vision/README.md 	modified:   robotx_vision/launch/image_publisher.launch 	modified:   robotx_vision/launch/object_detector.launch 	new file:   robotx_vision/launch/scan_the_code_test.launch 	new file:   robotx_vision/launch/sequence_scanner.launch 	modified:   robotx_vision/launch/subscriber.launch 	modified:   robotx_vision/launch/symbol_identifier.launch 	modified:   robotx_vision/launch/video_publisher.launch 	modified:   robotx_vision/package.xml 	new file:   robotx_vision/src/image/r6.png 	new file:   robotx_vision/src/image/scene.avi 	modified:   robotx_vision/src/image/t1.png 	modified:   robotx_vision/src/image/t2.png 	modified:   robotx_vision/src/image/t3.png 	modified:   robotx_vision/src/image/t4.png 	new file:   robotx_vision/src/image/t5.png 	new file:   robotx_vision/src/image/vid.avi 	modified:   robotx_vision/src/image_publisher.cpp 	new file:   robotx_vision/src/record1.cpp 	new file:   robotx_vision/src/sequence_scanner.cpp 	modified:   robotx_vision/src/symbol_identifier.cpp 	modified:   robotx_vision/src/video_publisher.cpp

robotx_vision/README.md, after:

INSTALL OPENCV
--------------
```bash
cd
sudo apt-get install v4l2ucp v4l-utils libv4l-dev
git clone https://github.com/opencv/opencv
cd opencv
git checkout 2.4
mkdir release
cd release
sudo cmake -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RELEASE -D CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr/local ..
sudo make
sudo make install
```

COMMANDS
--------

### Camshift ###
#### launch gazebo camera and camshift ####
```bash
# launch gazebo with test 1
roslaunch robotx_gazebo robotx_test.launch
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift.launch namespace:=/bow_stereo/left input_rgb_image:=image_raw
# track left camera on red
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift.launch namespace:=/bow_stereo/right input_rgb_image:=image_raw
# track right camera on green
```
#### launch gazebo camera and camshift with auto color detection ####
```bash
# launch gazebo with test 1
roslaunch robotx_gazebo robotx_test.launch
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift_color.launch namespace:=/bow_stereo/left input_rgb_image:=image_raw color_under_detect:=red
# track left camera on red
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift_color.launch namespace:=/bow_stereo/right input_rgb_image:=image_raw color_under_detect:=green
# track right camera on green
```

#### logitech camera and camshift ####
```bash
# launch webcam
roslaunch robotx_vision usb_cam.launch
# do rectification
ROS_NAMESPACE=/camera/rgb rosrun image_proc image_proc
# launch camshift
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift.launch namespace:=/camera/rgb input_rgb_image:=image_rect_color
# or 
roslaunch robotx_vision camshift_color.launch namespace:=/camera/rgb input_rgb_image:=image_rect_color color_under_detect:=red
```

### feature matching ###
must first install opencv 2.4.13.1 from source (github),
follow opencv website for more info

OBJECT DETECTION
--------
### 03/11/2016 ###
Update algoritm of `object_detector` & `symbol_identifier`
Add node `sequence_scanner` and launch file

### 30/10/2016 ###
object detected will be publish as a custom message type (msg/object_detection.msg)
# naming convetion of custom message
```bash
`frame_id`  camera, using convetional naming
`type`      object's type: `marker`, `totem`, `obstacle`, `triangle`, `circle`, `cruciform`, `code` (*)
`color`     object's color: `red`, `green`, `blue`, `black`, `white`
`angle_t`   top angle of detected object on image
`angle_b`   bottom angle of detected object on image
`angle_l`   left angle of detected object on image
`angle_r`   right angle of detected object on image

(*) `code`: LED screen detected in [Scan the code] task
```

### object_detector ###
1. unfinished: only has functions to recognize black buoys and green/red marker totems
2. to be added functions to recognize "Tiki" totems of color red/green/blue/yellow
3. to be added functions to recognize white marker totems (there was a change in preliminary tasks)

### symbol_identifier ###
1. finished, but color value must be manually adjusted depending on environment.

### sequence_scanner ###
1. finished but need to test on real environment (due to the color of LED screen really bright)
2. a video is added in robotx_vision/src/image/vid.avi for testing purpose.

# launch object detection node
paramater need to be adjusted depends on the subscribed camera's topic
```bash
catkin_make
roslaunch robotx_vision object_detector.launch
```
